Update guide 'Configuring a blockchain application` (#874)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/app-development/configuration.adoc

:v_protocol: master

:url_github_config_devnet: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/blob/{v_sdk}/sdk/src/samples/config_devnet.json
:url_github_constants_schema: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/blob/{v_sdk}/framework/src/schema/application_config_schema.ts#L61
:url_github_genesis_block: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/blob/{v_sdk}/sdk/src/samples/genesis_block_devnet.json
:url_github_sdk: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/tree/{v_sdk}

:url_architecture_config: architecture/index.adoc#configuration
:url_architecture_communication: architecture/communication-architecture.adoc
:url_architecture_genesis_block: architecture/index.adoc#genesis-block
:url_rpc_endpoints: rpc-endpoints.adoc

> When the application instance is created, the `Application` expects a configuration JSON object as second argument (first one is the genesis block).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the application instance is created, the `Application` expects a configuration JSON object as the second argument, (the first one is the genesis block).
```

During development of a blockchain application it is recommended to import and use the {url_github_config_devnet}[configDevnet^] object from the Lisk SDK.
Together with `genesisBlockDevnet`, which defines the <<genesis_block, genesis block>>, it sets up a local development environment with 101 forging genesis delegates.

.index.js of the Hello World app
[source,js]
----
const { Application, configDevnet, genesisBlockDevnet, utils } = require('lisk-sdk'); <1>

// Create a custom config based on the configDevnet
const appConfig = utils.objects.mergeDeep({}, configDevnet, { <2>
    label: 'hello-app',
    genesisConfig: { communityIdentifier: 'hello' },
    rpc: {
        enable: true,
        mode: 'ws',
        port: 8888,
    },
    network: {
        port: 8887,
    },
    logger: {
        consoleLogLevel: 'info',
    },
});

// Create the application instance
const app = Application.defaultApplication(genesisBlockDevnet, appConfig); <3>
----

> <1> Imports `Application`, `configDevnet`, `genesisBlockDevnet` and `utils` from the `lisk-sdk` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Imports `Application`, `configDevnet`, `genesisBlockDevnet`, and `utils` from the `lisk-sdk` package.
```

<2> Optionally it is possible to override certain options in `configDevnet` before creating the application instance.
<3> Creates the application instance and passes the `genesisBlockDevnet` as genesis block and `configDevnet` as config.

== Configuration options

// suppress inspection "AsciiDocHeadingStyle"
[TIP]
====
It is not necessary to include all options that are included in the schema. The application will use the default configuration options in case a config option is not specified.
====

=== List of all available config options

To get a complete overview of all configuration options for the Lisk SDK, please refer to the xref:{url_architecture_config}[configuration schema].

> === Most important configuration options

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Important configuration options
```

      rewards:{
        milestones: ['1000000000','700000000','500000000','200000000','100000000'],
        offset: 100,
        distance: 100000
      },
      minFeePerByte: 500,
      baseFees: [{
        moduleID: 2,
        assetID: 0,
        baseFee: 1000000,
      }]
    },
});

// Create the application instance
const app = Application.defaultApplication(genesisBlockDevnet, appConfig);
----

===== Custom properties in the genesisConfig

Since all genesis config options will be passed, it is possible to add custom config options to the `genesisConfig`.
These options can then be used in a specific custom module.

.Adding a custom config option to the genesis config
[source,js]
----
const { Application, configDevnet, genesisBlockDevnet, utils } = require('lisk-sdk');

// Create a custom config based on the configDevnet
const appConfig = utils.objects.mergeDeep({}, configDevnet, {
    genesisConfig: {
      myCustomOption: 'Some data'
    },
});

// Create the application instance
const app = Application.defaultApplication(genesisBlockDevnet, appConfig);
----

==== `rpc`

The `rpc` key holds all configuration options related to the API access of the blockchain application.

> Please see the xref:{url_rpc_endpoints}[] and xref:{}[url_architecture_communication] pages for mor information about the API access options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the xref:{url_rpc_endpoints}[] and xref:{}[url_architecture_communication] pages for more information about the API access options.
```

.Starting the app with a custom API access
[source,js]
----
const { Application, configDevnet, genesisBlockDevnet, utils } = require('lisk-sdk');

// Create a custom config based on the configDevnet
const appConfig = utils.objects.mergeDeep({}, configDevnet, {
    rpc: {
        enable: true, //true or false
        mode: 'ws', //'ws' or 'ipc'
        port: 8888, //websocket port
    },
});

// Create the application instance
const app = Application.defaultApplication(genesisBlockDevnet, appConfig);
----

== The genesis block

> When the application instance is created, the `Application` expects a configuration JSON object as first argument the xref:{url_architecture_genesis_block}[genesis block].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the application instance is created, the `Application` expects a configuration JSON object as the first argument in the xref:{url_architecture_genesis_block}[genesis block].
```

=== The devnet genesis block

The Lisk SDK exposes an object `genesisBlockDevnet` that holds all of the required configurations to spin up a local development network.

> You can use this genesis block, together with the `configDevnet` to quickstart your application with a preconfigured devnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This genesis block can be used together with the `configDevnet` to quickstart your application with a preconfigured devnet.
```

.index.js of the Hello World app
[source,js]
----
const { Application, configDevnet, genesisBlockDevnet, utils } = require('lisk-sdk'); <1>

// Create a custom config based on the configDevnet
const appConfig = utils.objects.mergeDeep({}, configDevnet, { <2>
    label: 'hello-app',
    genesisConfig: { communityIdentifier: 'hello' },
    rpc: {
        enable: true,
        mode: 'ws',
        port: 8888,
    },
    network: {
        port: 8887,
    },
    logger: {
        consoleLogLevel: 'info',
    },
});

// Create the application instance
const app = Application.defaultApplication(genesisBlockDevnet, appConfig); <3>
----

<1> Imports `Application`, `configDevnet`, `genesisBlockDevnet` and `utils` from the `lisk-sdk` package.
<2> Optionally it is possible to override certain options in `configDevnet` before creating the application instance.
<3> Creates the application instance and passes the `genesisBlockDevnet` as genesis block and `configDevnet` as config.

== Configuration options

// suppress inspection "AsciiDocHeadingStyle"
[TIP]
====

> It is not neccessary to include all options that are included in the schema.
> 
> The application will use the default configuration options in case a config option is not specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is not necessary to include all options that are included in the schema. The application will use the default configuration options in case a config option is not specified.
```
